docs: point to "firebase.google" domain for hyperlinks in the usage section of `README.md` files (for the missing packages) (#8818)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: packages/firebase_analytics/firebase_analytics/README.md

## Usage

> To use this plugin, please visit the [Analytics Usage documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart#add_data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin, please visit the [Analytics Usage documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/events?platform=flutter)
```

Author: omg, thanks
